it says 6:40 a.m. beautiful morning just
driving on the road in Sydney and you'll
see how this beautiful day turns into
one big fog very shortly
so far so good green light
where for the most
it's spring
Sun is out behind me
around this corner
turned out the lights
okay this is what your car driving in
Ebisu
the cigar cutter truck
there's
there's a bridge up ahead about 200 feet
can't even see
there we go
and it's minus one degree there was
actually placed on my antenna there was
so much fog in the air when I put the
antenna down it actually seized up
halfway down has been frozen solid
now you can almost see the sons of the
fog
stay clear up a bit
the closer I get to the harbor
the worst tense about campus football
hopefully today will be a nice day once
it burns off
start to clear up that's the harbor over
there all that fog is on top of the
water
and we're clearing it okay
thanks for watching